Add required parameter 'log source' to clicklog in order to resolve i… (#21)
Cludo/Cludo.Docs: source/includes/Tracking/_clicks.md

    -X POST
    -H "Content-Type: application/json"
    -d '{

>             "ls": "searchresult",

Reviewer: We should add it to the query parameters example as well.

Key | Represents | Type | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---

> ls | Log source | string | Definition of the log source and should always be 'searchresult' when recording clicks

Reviewer: That is not entirely true though. We need to acknowledge the banner statistics situation as well. Something like this perhaps?
```suggestion
ls | Log source | string | Definition of the log source. For tracking regular clicks, it must be set to **searchresult**. For tracking banner clicks, it must be set to **banner**.
```
Removed the quotes in favor of making the text bold instead, as we would otherwise just have to explicitly state to leave out the quotes.
